Assignment 1.10 README

Implementation of "talking" system. All characters now have wealth/amount of gold they hold. NPCs spawn with random amount of gold from 1-100 and PC starts with 1000 (for testing). '?' command is used to talk. When used, the user is prompted to select a direction to talk. If no character is there, nothing happens. If an NPC is in that space adjacent to the PC, the PC will "talk" to them. If the NPC is not smart, they won't understand the PC. Otherwise, if the PC has enough gold to "bribe" the NPC (based on randomly generated "greed" field of NPCs), the PC will give that amount gold to the NPC and the NPC will become friendly to the PC and attack other non-bribed monsters for them as well as follow the PC around. Telepathic NPCs, once bribed, will reveal the map to the PC for a turn whenever talked to. A bribed NPC can be "pushed" out of the way (switched places with) by the PC with th e command 'p' which then prompts for a direction. If no NPC or an unbribed NPC is in the location directed with the push command, nothing will happen. If a bribed NPC is attacked by the PC, that NPC becomes "betrayed" and will attack the PC normally. Betrayed NPCs can never be bribed again, although they will accept any money when talked to. There will also be one random '?' space that appears in each dungeon. This is the wizard who, if talked to, will take 1000 gold from the user and ask them three multiple choice questions. If answer incorrectly or if the user does not have 1000 gold when talking to the wizard, he will strip the user of all items and leave them with 100 HP. If all questions are answered correctly, the wizard will grant the PC an increase of 100 speed and give them a new damage dice of base 1000 damage. The wizard will then disappear from the game. The game still ends when Spongebob (who cannot be bribed) dies.
Small changes: look around function now can be used to inspect items on the floor as well as monsters. Gold drops are picked up by the PC when walked over but instead of entering the inventory, the value of the gold is added directly to the PC's wealth field and the item is deleted.
(object_desc.txt description file with Gold Piles is included with submission but is not required to run program).